c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\TelMusic.exe.config
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\TelMusic.exe
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\TelMusic.pdb
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.g.resources
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.exe
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.pdb
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\PauseButton.png
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\PlayButton.png
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\FastForward.png
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\ReWind.png
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\MusicIcon.png
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\TelMusic.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\TelMusic.application
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\TelMusic.application
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\AddMusicWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\obj\Debug\AddMusicWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\blankMusic.jpg
C:\Users\Jacob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelMusic\TelMusic\bin\Debug\Resources\Volume.png
